well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight's video might get cut
short it's my wife's birthday I'm
waiting for her to get home but in the
meantime have you ever thought what it
would be like if you were married to
somebody who behaved the way people do
in the comments section like especially
if you were a pro-choice female married
to it
pro-life male hi honey happy birthday I
made you a cake
Thanks that's not a cake well it will be
if you take responsibility for your
actions and bake it baby clay I don't
even want cake well you should have
thought about that before you had a
birthday everybody knows that cakes
follow birthdays and did you forget I'm
allergic to milk I mean I could get
really sick or die fight you tag you
know a good birthday girl with risk
anything for her cake baby it's late
let's just not have cake do you know how
many people would love to have this cake
it's okay I already ate cake at work and
oh so because you already had a cake
you're just gonna kill this cake just
get rid of it I mean I feel sorry for
that first cake you obviously didn't
love it actually I did love it it was
strawberry cheesecake and I I don't want
any more cake let's just make this
decision now we're not having cake
tonight we're not have a cake fine you
don't want the cake Bakley taking it to
the neighbors if it's my time in my oven
and I don't want to make a cake I'm not
making a cake tonight I paid for this
isn't it half line babe you bought that
mix like when we moved into the house I
mean it's expired by now it probably
would bake properly whoa okay so what
you're saying then is that all the cakes
that made it that have less than perfect
ingredients we should just round all
them up and throw them away too cake
murderer there there's options other
than Kay
we have other similar bit like cakes
either did you just compare me to Hitler
that's you've obviously lost your mind
I'm gonna I'm leaving
well you know if you try to leave and
give not make this cake I'll call the
cops and extradite you back here for
cake murder that's not even a thing and
that's not even a cake it will be if you
take responsibility for your actions
look I've already accepted way too much
responsibility in our lives right now
and I'm not baking a cake tonight I'm
not expecting or I'm not taking
responsibility for baking a cake
murderer it's gonna be a thing fine give
me the cake pan I'll send you a check
for half the icing out you can shove it
I see where the Sun doesn't shine it's
just a thought